My name is Subantu Sunti, I grew up in Guguletu Cape Town, where I serve as a congregation
elder.
I love the people I associate with now, but I wasn't always like this.
I had no love for people.
I viewed them only as a way to get rich by stealing their possessions.
I was a violent person, always on the edge of anger.
I used drugs and I belonged to a gang.
We were violent, though.
We lived a very destructive life.
In 1989, my mother started associating with Jehovah's Witnesses.
I noticed her making changes in her life.
Previously, she sold alcohol in the community illegally, but now she stopped.
So one Thursday, I followed her to see where she was going.
I was touched to see a boy there who read the Bible really well.
I wanted to be able to do that too.
So after the meeting, I approached the brother and he said I first needed to study the
Bible, and that's how we started the Bible study.
I continued studying, but I struggled to make changes.
I was still involved in a lot of bad things, and this caused me to stop the study because
I knew I had to clean up my life first.
During the years I did not study, I never stopped thinking about the Bible.
As I or chapter 40 verse 8 has very touching words, let's say, the green grass dries up,
the blossom withers, but the word of our God endures forever.
That scripture resonated with me.
It helped me to trust in the Bible, made me want to read it.
The book that helped me to make spiritual progress was a Revelation climax book, which
Jehovah's Witnesses were studying back then.
It thoroughly explained the Bible book of Revelation, and that convinced me that whoever wrote
this book could not have done it on their own, but they must have been influenced by God
in order to explain it so well.
That book helped me change my life, and be sure that this was the truth.
Four years had passed since I stopped studying, but in January 1995 I made a decision.
One Sunday I woke up, I got ready, and went to the meeting.
I made rapid progress and was baptized in September 1995, and six months later I was
appointed as a full-time teacher of the Bible.
Now I view people differently.
I see them as people who deserve a better life.
Even if a person appears I'm able to change, the Bible can teach a person dignity and
change his life for the better.
Now I view people as those who could be my spiritual friends, my brothers.